

Henrico County
Brookland
District

See below for a list of projects coming from Henrico County's departments of
Public Works and Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and
finish dates are subject to change.

JUNE 2024

Follow us on social media!

                                                

               Starting Soon

                                                
Patch Terrace Water Main Extension
Construction starting this summer



New Construction This Month



Bethlehem Road Pedestrian and Traffic             Learn More
Improvements
                                                

Lucas Road Water Main Extension
Construction scheduled to be completed in spring 2025

                                                

Parham Road Median Improvements
The median at Parham and Landmark roads is being improved for
safety. Be mindful of lane closures during daytime working hours.

                                                

Francistown Road Permanent Roundabout
Construction scheduled to be completed this summer



Currently in Construction



Parham Road Pedestrian and Transit                Learn More
Improvements                                      Learn More
A sidewalk near the Hungary Spring Road
intersection is being constructed. Be mindful of
lane closures during daytime working hours.

                                                

Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades
Construction scheduled to be completed by end of
2024
                                 

Works & Utilities News

                                 

                         Works, Utilities hiring for
                         multiple positions

                                   Public Works and Public Utilities are
                                   both hiring for multiple positions.
                                   Engineers, heavy equipment
                                   specialists and others are invited to
                                   apply! Visit the Henrico Jobs website
                                   to search for open positions.

positions.                        Experience not necessary for some

PlanRVA seeking input            
on reducing                      
greenhouse emission

Henrico County is working with
regional partners on a plan to
reduce greenhouse gas
emissions. In this effort,
PlanRVA is seeking public input
on ways to make our community
climate resilient.

Take the Survey

                                    

                                    

                                 New GRTC Microtransit
                                 coming to Sandston

                                 Beginning July 1, Sandston will have a
                                 new GRTC LINK Microtransit zone!
                                 Those in the area can use the GRTC app
                                 to call a van, which will arrive within 20
                                 minutes. LINK will take you anywhere

                                 within the zone -- including GRTC bus
                                             stops to go anywhere on the GRTC
                                             lines.
                                             Watch for more information coming from
                                             Public Works and GRTC on this exciting
                                             announcement.
                                             Follow us on Facebook for updates!

                                                
                                                

  Cobbs Creek Reservoir preparing to fill -- and
                         saving turtles!

Construction crews at Cobbs Creek Reservoir, a 20-year Henrico County
project located in Cumberland County, are preparing the pipes to be filled
sometime this summer. What they didn't expect to find were turtles in the

   pipes! Watch how DPU crews reacted to finding new friends 160 feet
 underground. Stay tuned for more Cobbs Creek news this summer!
                                                   

                                                   

Schedule a free mosquito
inspection

It's nearly summer, which means the mosquitos
are out (and biting!). Contact the mosquito
division in Public Works to schedule a FREE
inspection on your property!

Learn more

                                         

                                         

            Free WOAH! Vests are available

Have you picked up your free WOAH! vest yet? We've been handing them
out all over the county to promote pedestrian safety.

Vests are available by request at Henrico's government centers, libraries and
police stations. Pick up yours today!
                                      

                   Helpful Links

                                

Report a            Traffic     Pay Utility               Public     2022 Water
Pothole            Calming          Bill                 Disposal       Quality
                   Program                                              Report
                                                          Areas

Free Mulch       Refuse           VDOT-                     Free      Recycling
                Collection      Maintained               Reflective  Information

                                   Roads                   Vests

                                

                   Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities                           Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                                         Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                              PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                                     Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                                           Phone
(804) 501-4275                                                       (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                                Email
utilities@henrico.us                                                 DPW@henrico.us

                                                       
                                                   Share This Email

             Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!
                                            

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
