

Henrico County
Brookland
District

See below for a list of projects coming from Henrico County's departments of
Public Works and Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and
finish dates are subject to change.

JULY 2024

Follow us on social media!

                                                  Learn More

               Starting Soon

                                                

Patch Terrace Water Main Extension
Construction starting this summer

                                                
Bethlehem Road Pedestrian and Traffic
Improvements



Currently in Construction
                                                

Lucas Road Water Main Extension
Construction scheduled to be completed in spring

                                                
Francistown Road Permanent Roundabout
Construction scheduled to be completed this month. See progress
below!



Parham Road Median Improvements
The median at Parham and Landmark roads is being improved for
safety. Be mindful of lane closures during daytime working hours.



Parham Road Pedestrian and Transit                Learn More
Improvements
A sidewalk is under construction near the
Hungary Spring Road intersection. Be mindful of
lane closures during daytime working hours.



Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades          Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed by end of
2024



Works & Utilities News
                                       

                                 Residents encouraged to
                                 practice mosquito control

                                 The Public Works Environmental Services
                                 Division's mosquito team monitors and
                                 tests mosquitos each summer looking for
                                 disease. While not a reason to a panic, the
                                 team recently detected the West Nile Virus
                                 in mosquitos in Henrico earlier than usual.

                                 DPW recommends residents take extra
                                 precaution to prevent bites. Tips include
                                 using an EPA-approved repellent, wearing
                                 loose-fitting long sleeves and pants, and

reducing time outdoors at dusk.

Henrico residents can schedule a free inspection with the mosquito team to
help locate potential mosquito breeding sites on their property. The Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention also has guidance on preventing bites on
their website.

Learn more about the mosquito control initiative

                                                   

                                                   

Public Utilities' 2023
water quality report now
available

Each year, DPU publishes a water
quality report detailing its test results
and how they relate to state and
federal standards.

All regulated and unregulated
substances are within normal limits.

View Report Here

                                         

                                         

                                      Land Lover and Clean
                                      Business Award winners
                                      announced
                                                The Keep Henrico Beautiful Committee
                                                has selected the winners of its annual
                                                awards program that recognizes
                                                properties that are beautifully landscaped
                                                and highlights best practices for soil and
                                                water conservation and sustainable
                                                practices.

                                                Read more

                                                   
                                                   

                         DID YOU KNOW?
  Public Works, Utilities rely on resident reports for

                 potholes and other requests

Notice a pothole on your road? Please let Public Works know! DPW and DPU
       rely on reports from residents to stay on top of maintenance needs
                                     throughout the county.

 Recently, a resident reached out on Facebook about an issue with a pipe on
 her road. Public Utilities dispatched a crew to inspect the road and pipe, and

                                the issue has been resolved.

               Let us know about requests in your neighborhood!
                                                   

                                                   

Drought watch issued in
Virginia

The Virginia Department of Environmental
Quality has placed Henrico and 94 other
localities in a drought watch advisory.

Public Utilities encourages residents to
practice water conservation where possible.
Examples include refraining from lawn
watering, running full instead of partial
loads in your washing machine and/or
dishwasher, and making sure any leaks in
your plumbing or toilets are fixed.

Learn more

                                           

                                           

                                Free WOAH! vests are available

                                Have you picked up your free WOAH! vest,
                                yet? We've been handing them out all over the
                                county to promote pedestrian safety. Vests are
                                available in adult and kids' sizes.

                                Vests are available by request at Henrico's
                                government centers, libraries and police
                                stations. Pick up yours today!

                                    

                 Helpful Links

                                

Report a          Traffic       Pay Utility   Public     2023 Water
Pothole          Calming            Bill     Disposal       Quality
                 Program                                    Report
                                              Areas

Free Mulch        Refuse          VDOT-         Free      Recycling
                 Collection     Maintained   Reflective  Information

                                   Roads       Vests

                                

                 Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities               Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                          Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                   PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273                        Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                    Phone
(804) 501-4275                                (804) 501-4393

Email                                                      Email
utilities@henrico.gov                    DPW@henrico.gov

                            

                       Share This Email

             Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!
                                            

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
