Henrico County
Brookland
District

See below for a list of projects coming from Henrico County's departments of
Public Works and Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and
finish dates are subject to change.

SEPTEMBER 2024

                                            Follow us on social media!

Starting Soon

Hungary Road Sidewalk, Phase II                    Learn More
Construction scheduled to begin by the end of the  Learn More
year

Lambert Way in Glover Park
This road will connect Glover Park to Woodman
Road and will include a shared-use path. The
road is named to the late Don Lambert, a Henrico
Police captain killed in a hit-and-run crash in
2021.
Patch Terrace Water Main Extension
Construction scheduled to begin this fall. This project will bring water
services to 37 households on private wells. Learn more about ARPA-
funded projects.

New Construction this Month

Bethlehem Road Pedestrian and Traffic              Learn More
Improvements

Currently in Construction

Glen Allen High School Intersection                Learn More
Improvements
Construction scheduled to be completed this fall.
This project will add pedestrian accommodations
across Staples Mill Road to Meadow Pond Lane.

Lucas Road Water Main Extension
Construction scheduled to be completed in spring. This project will bring
water services to 16 households on private wells. Learn more about
ARPA-funded projects.

Parham Road Pedestrian and Transit                 Learn More
Improvements
A sidewalk is under construction near the
Hungary Spring Road intersection. Be mindful of
lane closures during daytime working hours.

Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades           Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed by end of
2024

Works & Utilities News
                                  Upcoming opportunities for
                                  public comment

                                               Make sure to add the following dates to
                                               your calendar to learn about projects in
                                               Henrico County!

                                               Oct. 1: GRTC Pulse Western Expansion
                                             Libbie Mill Library | 5 - 7 p.m.

                                               Oct. 7: Libbie Avenue Improvements
                                             Libbie Mill Library | 5:30 - 7 p.m.

                                               Oct. 9: Monument Avenue Sidewalk
                                               Rec & Parks main office | 5:30 - 7 p.m.

                                    View the Henrico County Calendar

"Shred It to Protect It" event
coming in September

Public Utilities and Police hold their fall
shredding event Saturday, Sept. 14.

The event will be from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the
Eastern Henrico Government Complex, 3820
Nine Mile Road. Henrico residents will be able
to shred documents and recycle electronics.

Learn more

                                     Henrico approves
                                     purchase of property for
                                     Pulse extension

                                                       Henrico is preparing for a westward
                                                       expansion of the GRTC Pulse bus rapid
                                                       transit service along West Broad Street.

                                                       The expansion will allow riders to travel
                                                       quickly between Rocketts Landing in
                                                       Richmond and Parham Road in Henrico,
                             with stops along the way. Currently,
                             Pulse's western-most station is at Willow
                             Lawn.

                             The Board of Supervisors recently
                             approved the purchase of 8207 W. Broad
                             St. in the Old Parham Road Shopping
                             Center as a site for a new station.

                             Initial plans include amenities such as
                             parking and public restrooms for riders.
                             Officials estimate the station will open in
                             three to five years.

                             GRTC, in coordination with the county,
                             will hold a public meeting Oct. 1 at 5 p.m.
                             at Libbie Mill Library to share plans for
                             the station. We hope to see you there!

Learn more about GRTC Pulse

                             

                             

                                 Public Utilities employee
                                 makes special connection
                                 along his route

                             We encourage all of our employees
                             to make connections with our
                             Henrico residents. Ronnie Miles, a
                             heavy equipment specialist in the
                             Public Utilities Solid Waste Division,
                             takes that goal seriously.

JB lives in Henrico and recently fractured his elbow. He knew exactly who he
wanted to get to sign his cast -- his favorite trash collector!

"They have a special relationship and always look forward to seeing each other
every Friday!" JB's mom said.

This spring, Ronnie won honorable mention for the Public Contact Customer
Service Award from the American Public Works Association Mid-Atlantic Chapter.
According to his supervisors, Ronnie is a dedicated hard worker who takes pride in
building these relationships along his route and is always willing to pitch in to help
his colleagues. Keep up the great work, Ronnie!

                                                   

                                                   

Residents encouraged to
practice mosquito control
The Public Works Environmental Services
Division's mosquito team monitors and tests
mosquitos each summer looking for disease.
The team recently detected the West Nile Virus
in mosquitos in Henrico earlier than usual.

Residents are encouraged to take extra
precaution to prevent bites. Use an EPA-
approved repellent, wear loose-fitting long
sleeves and pants, and reduce time outdoors
at dusk.

Henrico residents can schedule a free inspection with the mosquito team to
locate potential mosquito breeding sites on their property. The U.S. Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention also has guidance on preventing bites.

Learn more about the mosquito control initiative

                                                   

                                                   

                    Public Utilities continues testing at
                    Cobbs Creek Reservoir

                             Almost two decades in the making, Cobbs Creek
                             Reservoir is in the final stages of testing!

                             This $280 million project, located in Cumberland
                             County, will secure the drinking water needs of
                             Henrico's residents for decades. During heavy rain and
                             other wet times of year, the pumps will pull water from
                             the James River into the reservoir, providing Henrico
                             with up to an additional 47 million gallons per day than
what it currently uses. When the river is at lower levels due to drought or dry
weather, the reservoir will release the water back into the river to help
maintain river levels for aquatic life and supply the drinking water for Henrico
and other localities.

Later this year once testing is complete, Public Utilities will place the reservoir
into operation. Stay tuned for more information!

Learn more

                    

          Helpful Links

                    

Report a   Traffic  Pay Utility   Public   2023 Water
          Calming                Disposal     Quality
Pothole            Program      Bill                     Areas       Report

Free Mulch       Refuse         GRTC Bus                    Free      Recycling
                Collection        Routes                 Reflective  Information

                                                           Vests

                                

                   Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities                           Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                                         Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                              PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                                     Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                                           Phone
(804) 501-4275                                                       (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                             Email
utilities@henrico.gov                                           DPW@henrico.gov

                                                       

                                Share This Email

             Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!
                                            

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
