

Henrico County
Brookland
District

Thank you for signing up for the first edition of Word on the Street! This
monthly newsletter contains updates on projects from DPU and DPW,
customized by district. We hope you enjoy it!

See below for a list of projects coming from Henrico County's Department of
Public Works and Department of Public Utilities. Please note that all
scheduled start and finish dates are subject to change.

MARCH 2024



Starting Soon



Parham Road Pedestrian and Transit     Learn More
Improvements
Construction starting in April



Parham Road & Landmark Road Intersection Improvements
Construction starting in April



Francistown Road Traffic Improvements
Construction starting in April
Please join us for our public hearing on this project on March 25th!
Learn more



Bethlehem Road Pedestrian and Traffic  Learn More
Improvements
Construction starting in May

                                                
Patch Terrace Water Main Extension
Construction starting in May

                                                
Lucas Road Water Main Extension
Construction starting in May

                                                
Hermitage Road Drainage Improvements
Construction starting in June

                                                

  New Construction This Month

                                                

Forest Trace Way Median Improvement
                                                

Mountain Road Drainage Improvements
Road closed between Mountain Glen Parkway and Woodman Road
until the end of March.

                                                
Currently in Construction



Glen Allen High School Intersection Improvement     Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed in April     Learn More

                                                
Galaxie Road Drainage and Pedestrian Improvements
Construction scheduled to be completed in April

                                                
Hungary Road Sidewalk
Construction scheduled to be completed in April

                                                

Greenwood Road Bridge Repair                        Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed in May       Learn More

                                                    Learn More
Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades
Construction scheduled to be completed in June

                                                
Glover Park to Woodman Road (Lambert Way)
Construction scheduled to be completed in May 2025

                                                

Parham Road Bridge Repairs CSX Overpass

Construction scheduled to be completed in
   August 2025

                                                   

         Works & Utilities News

                                                   

                                Upcoming Public Hearing

                                        The Virginia Department of Transportation is
                                        holding a public hearing on March 27 to
                                        discuss improvements to the I-64 interchange
                                        at Parham Road and Mayland Road. Public
                                        Works staff will be in attendance to help
answer any questions. We hope to see you there! Learn more

                                                   

                                                   

Land Lover & Clean
Business Awards

Nominations for the Land Lover
and Clean Business Awards are
due soon for the 2024 judging!
Nominate by April 10 to be entered
to win a free rain barrel.

We encourage best management
practices to improve water quality
and soil health.

Learn More

                                                   

                                                   
                                                   

    Earth Day event coming in April!

Recreation & Parks, Keep Henrico Beautiful & H.E.A.R.T will host a festival
celebrating Earth Day on Saturday, April 20 from noon-3 p.m. in Deep Run
Park. There will be live music, activities for all ages and food truck
refreshments available for purchase. Learn more

If you are interested in being a vendor,apply by April 5.
                                                   
                                                   

                            Shred It to Protect It Event

                                        Public Utilities and the Police Division are
                                        hosting a free document shredding and
                                        electronics recycling event on Saturday, April
                                        13 from 10 a.m.-1 p.m. at the Henrico
                                        Government Center, 4301 East Parham Road.

                                        Learn more

                                                   
                                                   

FEMA Flood Map Changes

FEMA has updated its flood maps
in Henrico County, and you may be
affected! Watch your mailbox for a
letter from the Department of Public
Works.

Learn More

                                      

                   Helpful Links

                                      

Report a            Traffic     Pay Utility               Public     2022 Water
Pothole            Calming          Bill                 Disposal       Quality
                   Program                                              Report
                                                          Areas

Free Mulch       Refuse           VDOT-                     Free      Recycling
                Collection      Maintained               Reflective  Information

                                   Roads                   Vests

                                      

                   Contact Information

                                      

Department of Public Utilities                           Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                                         Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                              PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                                     Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                                           Phone
(804) 501-4275                                                       (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                                Email
utilities@henrico.us                                                 DPW@henrico.us

                                                       

                                Share This Email

                Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!
                                              

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd., Henrico, VA 23228

                     Unsubscribe socialmediaaccounts@henrico.us
                     Update Profile |Constant Contact Data Notice

                          Sent bysan082@henrico.uspowered by
Try email marketing for free today!
