

Henrico County
Fairfield District

See below for a list of projects coming from
Henrico County's departments of Public Works
and Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and finish dates are
subject to change.

SEPTEMBER 2024

Follow us on social media!

                                                   Learn More

               Starting Soon

                                                

Chamberlayne Road and Diane Lane Pedestrian
Improvements (VDOT Project)
Construction scheduled to begin by the end of the
year



     Currently in Construction

                                                
Bloomingdale & Brook Road Area Sewer Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to be completed in January



Bryan Parkway & Bloomingdale Area Sewer Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to be completed in September



Chamberlayne Heights and Three Fountains North Area Sewer
Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to be completed in December



Creighton Road Realignment and Improvements        Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed in 2025

                                                

Croydon Road Sewer Extension
This project will extend sewer services to 40 households currently on
private septic systems. Learn more about ARPA-funded projects.

                                                

Francis Road & Greenwood Road Water and Sewer Extension
This project will extend water and sewer services to 11 households on
private wells and 23 households on private septic systems. Construction
scheduled to be completed in the spring. Learn more about ARPA-
funded projects.

                                                   Learn More

Lake Overton Dam Project
Construction starting late summer

                                                   Learn More

Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades
Construction scheduled to be completed by end of
2024

                                                

Upham Brook Trunk Sewer Installation
Construction scheduled to be completed in 2027


Wilkinson Road Bridge Replacement
Construction scheduled to be completed in the spring

Woodcliff Subdivision Sewer Extension
This project will extend sewer services to 15 households on private
septic systems. Construction scheduled to be completed in summer
2025. Learn more about ARPA-funded projects.

       Works & Utilities News

                               Upcoming opportunities for
                               public comment

                                           Make sure to add the following dates to
                                           your calendar to learn
                                           about projects in Henrico County!
                                           Oct. 1: GRTC Pulse Western Expansion
                                           Libbie Mill Library | 5 - 7 p.m.
                                           Oct. 7: Libbie Avenue Improvements
                                           Libbie Mill Library | 5:30 - 7 p.m.
                                           Oct. 9: Monument Avenue Sidewalk
                                           Rec & Parks main office | 5:30 - 7 p.m.

                                View the Henrico County calendar
"Shred It to Protect It" event
coming in September

Public Utilities and Police will hold their fall
shredding event Saturday, Sept. 14.

The event will be from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. at
the Eastern Henrico Government Complex,
3820 Nine Mile Road. Henrico residents will
be able to shred documents and recycle
electronics.

Learn more

           

           

Henrico approves purchase of
property for Pulse extension

Henrico is preparing for a westward expansion of
the GRTC Pulse bus rapid transit service along
West Broad Street.

The expansion will allow riders to travel quickly
between Rocketts Landing in Richmond and
Parham Road in Henrico, with stops along the
way. Currently, Pulse's western-most station is at
Willow Lawn.

The Board of Supervisors recently approved the purchase of 8207 W. Broad St. in
the Old Parham Road Shopping Center as a site for a new station.

Initial plans include amenities such as parking and public restrooms for riders.
Officials estimate the station will open in three to five years.

GRTC, in coordination with the county, will hold a public meeting Oct. 1 at 5 p.m. at
Libbie Mill Library to share plans for the station. We hope to see you there!

Learn more about GRTC Pulse

                             

                             

                             Public Utilities employee
                             makes special connection
                             along his route
                           We encourage all our employees to make
                           connections with our Henrico residents.
                           Ronnie Miles, a heavy equipment
                           specialist in the Public Utilities Solid
                           Waste Division, takes that goal seriously.

                           JB lives in Henrico and recently fractured
                           his elbow. He knew exactly who he
                           wanted to get to sign his cast -- his

favorite trash collector!

"They have a special relationship and always look forward to seeing each other
every Friday!" JB's mom said.

This spring, Ronnie won honorable mention for the Public Contact Customer
Service Award from the American Public Works Association Mid-Atlantic Chapter.
According to his supervisors, Ronnie is a dedicated hard worker who takes pride in
building these relationships along his route and is always willing to pitch in to help
his colleagues. Keep up the great work, Ronnie!

                                                   

Residents encouraged to
practice mosquito control

The Public Works Environmental Services
Division's mosquito team monitors and tests
mosquitos each summer looking for disease. The
team recently detected the West Nile Virus in
mosquitos in Henrico earlier than usual.

Residents are encouraged to take extra precaution to prevent bites. Use an
EPA-approved repellent, wear loose-fitting long sleeves and pants, and
reduce time outdoors at dusk.

Henrico residents can schedule a free inspection with the mosquito team to
locate potential mosquito breeding sites on their property. The U.S. Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention also has guidance on preventing bites.

Learn more about the mosquito control initiative

                                                   

                                                   

                             Public Utilities continues
                             testing at Cobbs Creek
                             Reservoir
                                Almost two decades in the making, Cobbs
                                Creek Reservoir is in the final stages of
                                testing!

                                This $280 million project, located in
                                Cumberland County, will secure the drinking
                                water needs of Henrico's residents for
                                decades. During heavy rain and other wet
                                times of year, the pumps will pull water from
                                the James River into the reservoir, providing
                                Henrico with up to an additional 47 million
                                gallons per day than what it currently uses.
                                When the river is at lower levels due to drought
                                or dry weather, the reservoir will release the
                                water back into the river to help maintain river
                                levels for aquatic life and supply the drinking
                                water for Henrico and other localities.

                                        Later this year once testing is complete, Public
                                        Utilities will place the reservoir into operation.
Stay tuned for more information!

Learn more

                                

                   Helpful Links

                                

 Report a           Traffic     Pay Utility   Public     2023 Water
  Pothole          Calming          Bill     Disposal       Quality
                   Program                                  Report
Free Mulch                                    Areas
                                                          Recycling
                                                         Information

                 Refuse         GRTC Bus        Free
                Collection        Routes     Reflective

                                               Vests

                                

                   Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities               Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                             Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                  PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                         Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                               Phone
(804) 501-4275                                           (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                      Email
utilities@henrico.gov                    DPW@henrico.gov

                            

                       Share This Email

             Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!
                                            

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
