

Henrico County
Fairfield District

See below for a list of projects coming from
Henrico County's departments of Public Works
and Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and finish dates are
subject to change.

JULY 2024

                                       Follow us on social media!  Learn More

                                                

               Starting Soon

                                                
Lake Overton Dam Project
Construction starting late summer
                                                

Croydon Road Sewer Extension
Construction scheduled to be completed in fall 2025



Currently in Construction



Woodcliff Subdivision Sewer Extension
Construction scheduled to be completed in summer 2025



Francis Road & Greenwood Road Water and Sewer Extension



Upham Brook Trunk Sewer Installation
Construction scheduled to be completed in 2027



Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades               Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed by end of
2024



Bloomingdale & Brook Road Area Sewer Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to be completed in January


Creighton Road Realignment and Improvements     Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed in 2025

                                 

Creighton Road Rail Replacement - Henrico/Hanover Line
Construction scheduled to be completed in August

                                 

Bryan Parkway & Bloomingdale Area Sewer Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to be completed in September

                                 

Fall Line Trail - Park Street                   Learn More
Completed! Check out the story.
                                                
Chamberlayne Heights and Three Fountains North Area Sewer
Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to be completed in December

                                                
Wilkinson Road Bridge Replacement
Construction scheduled to be completed in spring 2025

                                                
                                  GRTC expands route 1 service in
                                  Henrico

                                           The Henrico County Department of Public
                                           Works is proud to be a GRTC partner to
                                           help make new services available to our
                                           residents. As of July 1, the GRTC route 1
                                           service has been expanded and includes
                                           16 new stops, including Reynolds
                                           Community College.

                                           Learn more about the route expansion

                                                   

         Works & Utilities News

                                                   

                                  Residents encouraged to
                                  practice mosquito control

                                               The Public Works Environmental Services
                                               Division's mosquito team monitors and
                                               tests mosquitos each summer looking for
                                               disease. While not a reason to a panic,
                                               the team recently detected the West Nile
                                               Virus in mosquito in Henrico earlier than
                                               usual.

                                               DPW recommends residents take extra
                                               precaution to prevent bites. Tips include
                                               using an EPA-approved repellent, wearing
loose-fitting long sleeves and pants, and reducing time outdoors at dusk.

Henrico residents can schedule a free inspection with the mosquito team to
help locate potential mosquito breeding sites on their property. The Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention also has guidance on preventing bites on
their website.

Learn more about the mosquito control initiative
                                                   

                                                   

Public Utilities' 2023
water quality report now
available
Each year, DPU publishes a water
quality report detailing its test results
and how they relate to state and
federal standards.

All regulated and unregulated
substances are within normal limits!

View Report Here

                                                   

                                                   

                                    Land Lover and Clean
                                    Business Award winners
                                    announced

                                                 The Keep Henrico Beautiful Committee
                                                 has selected the winners of its annual
                                                 awards program that recognizes
                                                 properties that are beautifully
                                                 landscaped and highlights best
                                                 practices for soil and water conservation
                                                 and sustainable practices.

                                                 Read more

                                                   

                                                   

                         DID YOU KNOW?
  Public Works, Utilities rely on resident reports for

                 potholes and other requests

Notice a pothole on your road? Please let Public Works know! DPW and DPU
       rely on reports from residents to stay on top of maintenance needs
                                     throughout the county.

 Recently, a resident reached out on Facebook about an issue with a pipe on
 her road. Public Utilities dispatched a crew to inspect the road and pipe, and

                                the issue has been resolved.

               Let us know about requests in your neighborhood!
                                                   

Drought watch issued in
Virginia

The Virginia Department of Environmental
Quality has placed Henrico and 94 other
localities in a drought watch advisory.

Public Utilities encourages residents to practice
water conservation where possible. Examples
include refraining from lawn watering, running
full instead of partial loads in your washing
machine and/or dishwasher, and making sure
any leaks in your plumbing or toilets are fixed.

Learn more

                                   

                                   

                        Free WOAH! vests are available

                        Have you picked up your free WOAH! vest,
                        yet? We've been handing them out all over the
                        county to promote pedestrian safety. Vests are
                        available in adult and kids' sizes.

                        Vests are available by request at Henrico's
                        government centers, libraries and police
                        stations. Pick up yours today!

                        

            Helpful Links

                        

 Report a    Traffic    Pay Utility                   Public     2022 Water
  Pothole   Calming         Bill                     Disposal       Quality
            Program                                                 Report
Free Mulch                                            Areas
                                                                  Recycling
                                                                 Information

             Refuse       VDOT-                         Free
            Collection  Maintained                   Reflective

                           Roads                       Vests

                        
                   Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities                           Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                             Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                  PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                         Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                               Phone
(804) 501-4275                                           (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                    Email
utilities@henrico.us                                     DPW@henrico.us

                                                       

                                Share This Email

             Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!
                                            

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
