

Henrico County
Fairfield District

See below for a list of projects coming from
Henrico County's Department of Public Works
and Department of Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and
finish dates are subject to change.

APRIL 2024

                                       Follow us on social media!  Learn More

                                                

               Starting Soon

                                                
Lake Overton Dam Project
Construction starting in May
                                                

St. Charles Road Extension
Construction starting in May

                                                

Francis Road & Greenwood Road Water and Sewer Extension
Construction starting in June

                                                

Woodcliff Subdivision Sewer Extension
Construction starting in June

                                                  Learn More

Dumbarton Road Safety & Mobility Improvements
Construction starting in June

                                                  Learn More

Hilliard Road Safety & Mobility Improvements
Construction starting in June

                                                  Learn More

Fall Line Trail - Lakeside Community Trail
Construction starting in July



New Construction This Month

                                           
Forest Glen Road Drainage Improvements
Construction starting in April

                                                

Hollins Glen Drainage Improvements
Construction starting in April



Currently in Construction



Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades                Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed in June

                                                

Bloomingdale & Brook Road Area Sewer Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to be completed in January 2025

                                                        Learn More

Creighton Road Realignment and Improvements
Construction scheduled to be completed in March

                                                        Learn More
Fall Line Trail - Park Street
Construction scheduled to be completed in July

                                                
Bryan Parkway & Bloomingdale Area Sewer Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to be completed in September

                                        

Chamberlayne Heights and Three Fountains North Area Sewer
Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to be completed in December

                                        

Wilkinson Road Bridge Replacement
Construction scheduled to be completed in May 2025

                                        

Parham Road Bridge Repairs CSX Overpass              Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed in
August 2025

                                        

            Works & Utilities News

                                             

                             DPW sets May 7 Public Meeting

                                  Public Works will host a public community
                                  meeting Tuesday, May 7 to discuss options to
                                  address erosion and drainage issues along
                                  Gaylord Road and Freestone Avenue. Join us
                                  to see the plans and ask questions!

                                                   

                                                   

Nominate a property for
Land Lover & Clean
Business Awards

Nominations for the Land Lover and
Clean Business Awards are due soon
for the 2024 judging! Nominate by
Tuesday, April 30 to be considered for
the 2024 awards.

We encourage best management
practices to improve water quality and
soil health.

Learn More
                                                   

                                                   

        Learn about FEMA Flood Map Updates

The Federal Emergency Management Agency recently updated Henrico's
flood maps to provide an updated picture of Henrico County's flood risk. The
result: a better picture of the areas that are most likely to be affected by
flooding and a better foundation from which to make key decisions. Check out
this video to learn more!

                                   

            Schedule a free Mosquito Inspection

            The weather is getting warmer, which means the
            mosquitos are out (and biting!). Contact the mosquito
            division in Public Works to schedule a FREE mosquito
            inspection on your property!

Learn more

                                         

                                         

            Free WOAH! Vests are available

Have you picked up your free WOAH! vest yet? We've been handing them
out all over the county in hopes of improving pedestrian safety.

Vests are available by request at Henrico's government centers, area libraries
and police stations. Pick yours up today!

                                

                   Helpful Links

                                

 Report a           Traffic     Pay Utility   Public     2022 Water
  Pothole          Calming          Bill     Disposal       Quality
                   Program                                  Report
Free Mulch                                    Areas
                                                          Recycling
                                                         Information

             Refuse               VDOT-         Free
            Collection          Maintained   Reflective

                                   Roads       Vests

                                

                   Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities               Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                             Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                  PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                         Henrico, VA 23273
Phone                                                  Phone
(804) 501-4275                             (804) 501-4393

Email                                                   Email
utilities@henrico.us                    DPW@henrico.us

                           

                      Share This Email

             Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!
                                            

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
