

Henrico County
Fairfield District

See below for a list of projects coming from
Henrico County's departments of Public Works
and Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and finish dates are
subject to change.

JUNE 2024

                                       Follow us on social media!  Learn More

                                                

               Starting Soon

                                                
Lake Overton Dam Project
Construction starting late summer
                                                

Croydon Road Sewer Extension
Construction scheduled to be completed in fall 2025



  New Construction This Month

                                                

Woodcliff Subdivision Sewer Extension
Construction scheduled to be completed in summer 2025

                                                
Francis Road & Greenwood Road Water and Sewer Extension
Construction starting in June

                                                
Upham Brook Trunk Sewer Installation
Construction scheduled to be completed in 2027



Currently in Construction



Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades             Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed by end of
2024

                                                     Learn More

Bloomingdale & Brook Road Area Sewer Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to be completed in January

                                                

Creighton Road Realignment and Improvements
Construction scheduled to be completed in 2025
                                                

Creighton Road Rail Replacement - Henrico/Hanover Line
Construction scheduled to be completed in August

                                                

Bryan Parkway & Bloomingdale Area Sewer Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to be completed in September

                                                       Learn More

Fall Line Trail - Park Street
Stay tuned for a ribbon-cutting ceremony in July!

                                                

Chamberlayne Heights and Three Fountains North Area Sewer
Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to be completed in December

                                                

Wilkinson Road Bridge Replacement
Construction scheduled to be completed in spring 2025

                                 

Works & Utilities News

                                 

                           Works, Utilities hiring
                           for multiple positions
                                                        Public Works and Public Utilities
                                                        are both hiring for multiple
                                                        positions. Engineers, heavy
                                                        equipment specialists and others
                                                        are invited to apply! Visit the
                                                        Henrico Jobs website to search for
                                                        open positions.

                                                                Experience not necessary for some
                                                                positions.

                                                   

                                                   

PlanRVA seeking input on
reducing greenhouse
emissions

Henrico County is working with regional
partners on a plan to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions. In this
effort, PlanRVA is seeking public input
on ways to make our community
climate resilient.

Take the Survey

                                                   

                                                   

                                    New GRTC Microtransit
                                    coming to Sandston

                                                 Beginning July 1, Sandston will have a
                                                 new GRTC LINK Microtransit zone!
                                                 Those in the area can use the GRTC
                                                 app to call a van, which will arrive within
                                                 20 minutes. LINK will take you

                                       anywhere within the zone -- including

                                                 GRTC bus stops to go anywhere on the
                                                 GRTC lines.

                                                 Watch for more information coming from
                                                 Public Works and GRTC on this exciting
                                                 announcement.
                                                 Follow us on Facebook for updates!

                                                   
                                                   

    Cobbs Creek Reservoir preparing to fill -- and
                           saving turtles!

   Construction crews at Cobbs Creek Reservoir, a 20-year Henrico County
project located in Cumberland County, are preparing the pipes to be filled this
summer. What they didn't expect to find were turtles in the pipes! Watch how
DPU crews reacted to finding new friends 160 feet underground. Stay tuned

                     for more Cobbs Creek news this summer!
                                                   

Schedule a free mosquito
inspection

It's nearly summer, which means the mosquitos
are out (and biting!). Contact the mosquito division
in Public Works to schedule a FREE mosquito
inspection on your property!

Learn more

                                         

                                         

            Free WOAH! Vests are available

Have you picked up your free WOAH! vest yet? We've been handing them
out all over the county to promote pedestrian safety.

Vests are available by request at Henrico's government centers, libraries and
police stations. Pick up yours today!
                                

                      Helpful Links

                                

 Report a           Traffic     Pay Utility   Public     2022 Water
  Pothole          Calming          Bill     Disposal       Quality
                   Program                                  Report
Free Mulch                                    Areas
                                                          Recycling
                                                         Information

                 Refuse           VDOT-         Free
                Collection      Maintained   Reflective

                                   Roads       Vests

                                

                   Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities               Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                             Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                  PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                         Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                               Phone
(804) 501-4275                                           (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                    Email
utilities@henrico.us                                     DPW@henrico.us
                                            

                                                   Share This Email

             Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!
                                            

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
