

Henrico County
Three Chopt
District

See below for a list of projects coming from Henrico County's Department of
Public Works and Department of Public Utilities. Please note that all
scheduled start and finish dates are subject to change.

APRIL 2024

Follow us on social media!



Starting Soon

                                                      Learn More
                                                      Learn More
Sadler Road Realignment and Improvements
Construction starting in May

                                                
Anoka Road & Fordson Road Traffic Circle
Construction starting in May

                                                
Three Chopt Road & Cedarfield Parkway Traffic Signal
Construction starting in early summer


  New Construction This Month

                                                

West Broad Street & Old Sadler Road Water Main Abandonment
Right lane of West Broad Street will be closed at various times during
construction. Most construction will take place overnight. Follow us on
social media for up-to-date information on when construction begins!



Currently in Construction



Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades          Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed in June    Learn More
                                                  Learn More
                                                  Learn More
Gaskins Park & Ride Lighting Project
Construction scheduled to be completed in April

                                                
I-64 & Pemberton Bridge Repair (VDOT Project)
Construction scheduled to be completed in July

                                                
I-64 & Skipwith Bridge Repair (VDOT Project)
Construction scheduled to be completed in May
2025



Works & Utilities News

                                 

                 DPW sets May 7 Public Meeting

                      Public Works will host a public community
                      meeting Tuesday, May 7 to discuss options to
                      address erosion and drainage issues along
                      Gaylord Road and Freestone Avenue. Join us
                      to see the plans and ask questions!



Nominate a property for
Land Lover & Clean
Business Awards

Nominations for the Land Lover
and Clean Business Awards are
due soon for the 2024 judging!
Nominate by Tuesday, April 30 to
be considered for the 2024
awards.

We encourage best management
practices to improve water quality
and soil health.

Learn More
                                                   

                                                   

         Learn about FEMA Flood Map Updates

The Federal Emergency Management Agency recently updated Henrico's
flood maps to provide an updated picture of Henrico County's flood risk. The
result: a better picture of the areas that are most likely to be affected by
flooding and a better foundation from which to make key decisions. Check out
this video to learn more!
                                                   

                                                   

                      Schedule a free Mosquito Inspection

                                The weather is getting warmer, which means the
                                mosquitos are out (and biting!). Contact the mosquito
                                division in Public Works to schedule a FREE
                                mosquito inspection on your property!

                                Learn more
                                                   

                                                   

              Free WOAH! Vests are available

Have you picked up your free WOAH! vest yet? We've been handing them
out all over the county in hopes of improving pedestrian safety.

Vests are available by request at Henrico's government centers, area libraries
and police stations. Pick yours up today!

         

Helpful Links

         

Traffic    Public  2022 Water
 Report a        Calming        Pay Utility              Disposal      Quality
  Pothole       Program              Bill                  Areas        Report

Free Mulch       Refuse           VDOT-                     Free      Recycling
                Collection      Maintained               Reflective  Information

                                   Roads                   Vests

                                

                   Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities                           Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                                         Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                              PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                                     Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                                           Phone
(804) 501-4275                                                       (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                                Email
utilities@henrico.us                                                 DPW@henrico.us

                                                       

                                Share This Email

                Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
