

Henrico County
Tuckahoe District

See below for a list of projects coming from
Henrico County's departments of Public Works
and Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and finish dates are
subject to change.

JULY 2024

Follow us on social media!



Currently in Construction



Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades          Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed by end of  Learn More
2024                                              Learn More

                                                

Ridge Road Sidewalk Improvements (Phase I)
Construction completed!

                                                

I-64 & Pemberton Bridge Repair (VDOT Project)
Construction completed!
                                                  Learn More
I-64 & Skipwith Bridge Repair (VDOT Project)
Construction scheduled to be completed in spring

                                                

                                                

Works & Utilities News

                                 

                         Residents encouraged to
                         practice mosquito control

                                  The Public Works Environmental
                                  Services Division's mosquito team
                                  monitors and tests mosquitos each
                                  summer looking for disease. While not
                                  a reason to a panic, the team recently
                                  detected the West Nile Virus in
                                  mosquitos in Henrico earlier than
                                  usual.

                                                    DPW recommends residents take
                                                    extra precaution to prevent bites.
                                                    Tips include using an EPA-approved
                                                    repellent, wearing
loose-fitting long sleeves and pants, and reducing time outdoors at dusk.
Henrico residents can schedule a free inspection with the mosquito team to
help locate potential mosquito breeding sites on their property. The Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention also has guidance on preventing bites on
their website.

Learn more about the mosquito control initiative

                                                   

                                                   

Public Utilities' 2023
water quality report now
available

Each year, DPU publishes a water
quality report detailing its test results
and how they relate to state and
federal standards.

All regulated and unregulated
substances are within normal limits!

View Report Here

                             

                             

                  Land Lover and Clean Business
                  Award winners announced

                  The Keep Henrico Beautiful Committee has
                  selected the winners of its annual awards
                  program that recognizes properties that are
                  beautifully landscaped and highlights best
                  practices for soil and water conservation and
                  sustainable practices.

                  Read more

                                                

                                                

                       DID YOU KNOW?
Public Works, Utilities rely on resident reports for

               potholes and other requests

Notice a pothole on your road? Please let Public Works know! DPW and DPU
    rely on reports from residents to stay on top of maintenance needs
                                  throughout the county.

    Recently, a resident reached out on Facebook about an issue with a
pipe on her road. Public Utilities dispatched a crew to inspect the road and

                       pipe, and the issue has been resolved.

            Let us know about requests in your neighborhood!

                                                   

                                                   

Drought watch issued in
Virginia

The Virginia Department of Environmental
Quality has placed Henrico and 94 other
localities in a drought watch advisory.

Public Utilities encourages residents to practice
water conservation where possible. Examples
include refraining from lawn watering, running
full instead of partial loads in your washing
machine and/or dishwasher, and making sure
any leaks in your plumbing or toilets are fixed.

Learn more

                       

                       

            Free WOAH! vests are available

            Have you picked up your free WOAH! vest,
            yet? We've been handing them out all over the
            county to promote pedestrian safety. Vests are
            available in adult and kids' sizes.

            Vests are available by request at Henrico's
            government centers, libraries and police
            stations. Pick up yours today!

                               

            Helpful Links
Report a            Traffic                               Public     2022 Water
Pothole            Calming                               Disposal       Quality
                   Program      Pay Utility                             Report
                                    Bill                  Areas

Free Mulch       Refuse           VDOT-                     Free      Recycling
                Collection      Maintained               Reflective  Information

                                   Roads                   Vests

                                

                   Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities                           Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                                         Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                              PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                                     Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                                           Phone
(804) 501-4275                                                       (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                                Email
utilities@henrico.us                                                 DPW@henrico.us

                                                       

                                Share This Email

             Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!
                                            

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
