

Henrico County
Tuckahoe District

Thank you for signing up for the first edition of
Word on the Street! This monthly newsletter
contains updates on projects from DPU and DPW, customized by district. We
hope you enjoy it!

See below for a list of projects coming from Henrico County's Department of
Public Works and Department of Public Utilities. Please note that all
scheduled start and finish dates are subject to change.

MARCH 2024

                                                  Learn More

               Starting Soon

                                                

Ridgefield Parkway Drainage Improvements
Construction starting in April

                                                
Ridge Road Safety Improvements
Construction starting in June



New Construction This Month
                                                  Learn More

Raintree Sidewalk
Construction scheduled to be completed in July

                                                
Rose Hill Road & Gayton Drive Bank Stabilization



Currently in Construction



Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades          Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed in June    Learn More
                                                  Learn More
                                                  Learn More
Ridge Road Sidewalk Improvements (Phase I)
Construction scheduled to be completed in July

                                                
I-64 & Pemberton Bridge Repair (VDOT Project)
Construction scheduled to be completed in July

                                                
I-64 & Skipwith Bridge Repair (VDOT Project)
Construction scheduled to be completed in May
2025
                                                   

         Works & Utilities News

                                                   

                                Upcoming Public Hearing

                                        The Virginia Department of Transportation is
                                        holding a public hearing on March 27 to
                                        discuss improvements to the I-64 interchange
                                        at Parham Road and Mayland Road. Public
                                        Works staff will be in attendance to help
answer any questions. We hope to see you there! Learn more

                                                   

                                                   

Land Lover & Clean Business
Awards

Nominations for the Land Lover and
Clean Business Awards are due soon
for the 2024 judging! Nominate by April
10 to be entered to win a free rain
barrel.

We encourage best management
practices to improve water quality and
soil health.

Learn More
                                                   

                                                   
                                                   

    Earth Day event coming in April!

Recreation & Parks, Keep Henrico Beautiful & H.E.A.R.T will host a festival
celebrating Earth Day on Saturday, April 20 from noon-3 p.m. in Deep Run
Park. There will be live music, activities for all ages and food truck
refreshments available for purchase. Learn more

If you are interested in being a vendor,apply by April 5.
                                                   
                                                   

                            Shred It to Protect It Event

                                        Public Utilities and the Police Division are
                                        hosting a free document shredding and
                                        electronics recycling event on Saturday, April
                                        13 from 10 a.m.-1 p.m. at the Henrico
                                        Government Center, 4301 East Parham Road.

                                        Learn more

                                                   
                                                   

FEMA Flood Map Changes

FEMA has updated its flood maps
in Henrico County, and you may be
affected! Watch your mailbox for a
letter from the Department of Public
Works.

Read More

                                      

                   Helpful Links

                                      

Report a            Traffic     Pay Utility               Public     2022 Water
Pothole            Calming          Bill                 Disposal       Quality
                   Program                                              Report
                                                          Areas

Free Mulch       Refuse           VDOT-                     Free      Recycling
                Collection      Maintained               Reflective  Information

                                   Roads                   Vests

                                      

                   Contact Information

                                      

Department of Public Utilities                           Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                                         Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                              PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                                     Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                                           Phone
(804) 501-4275                                                       (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                                Email
utilities@henrico.us                                                 DPW@henrico.us

                                                       

                                Share This Email

                Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!
                                              

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd., Henrico, VA 23228

                     Unsubscribe socialmediaaccounts@henrico.us
                     Update Profile |Constant Contact Data Notice

                          Sent bysan082@henrico.uspowered by
Try email marketing for free today!
