[REDACTED EXTRACTION]
One page has been removed from the source PDF this text was extracted from,
and therefore from this extraction. The removed page carried an employee-
spotlight story that identified a child by initials along with a medical
detail, his residency, his collection day and a quote from his parent. The
county published it with consent for its own newsletter; that consent does
not extend to redistribution here, and none of it relates to this project's
subject. Everything else in the issue is unchanged. See README.md.

Henrico County
Tuckahoe District

See below for a list of projects coming from
Henrico County's departments of Public Works
and Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and finish dates are
subject to change.

SEPTEMBER 2024

Follow us on social media!

Starting Soon

Forest Avenue and Skipwith Road Intersection       Learn More
Improvements                                       Learn More
Construction scheduled to begin by the end of the
year

Horsepen Road and Patterson Avenue
Pedestrian Improvements (VDOT Project)
Construction scheduled to begin by the end of the
year

Huntsmoor Drive Water Rehabilitation
Construction scheduled to begin this fall
Ridge Road Safety & Mobility Improvements         Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed by end of
the year

Currently in Construction

I-64 & Skipwith Bridge Repair (VDOT Project)      Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed in spring  Learn More
                                                  Learn More
Derbyshire Road Roundabout
Construction scheduled to be completed by mid-
September

Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades
Construction scheduled to be completed by end of
2024

Works & Utilities News

                     Upcoming opportunities for
                     public comment

                             Make sure to add the following dates to
                             your calendar to learn
                             about projects in Henrico County!

                             Oct. 1: GRTC Pulse Western Expansion
                             Libbie Mill Library | 5 - 7 p.m.

                             Oct. 7: Libbie Avenue Improvements
                             Libbie Mill Library | 5:30 - 7 p.m.

                             Oct. 9: Monument Avenue Sidewalk
                             Rec & Parks main office | 5:30 - 7 p.m.

               View the Henrico County calendar
                                                   

"Shred It to Protect It" event
coming in September

Public Utilities and Police will hold their fall shredding
event Saturday, Sept. 14.

The event will be from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the
Eastern Henrico Government Complex, 3820 Nine
Mile Road. Henrico residents will be able to shred
documents and recycle electronics.

Learn more

                       

                       

            Henrico approves purchase of
            property for Pulse extension

            Henrico is preparing for a westward expansion of
            the GRTC Pulse bus rapid transit service along
            West Broad Street.

            The expansion will allow riders to travel quickly
            between Rocketts Landing in Richmond and
            Parham Road in Henrico, with stops along the
            way. Currently, Pulse's western-most station is at
            Willow Lawn.

The Board of Supervisors recently approved the purchase of 8207 W. Broad St. in
the Old Parham Road Shopping Center as a site for a new station.

Initial plans include amenities such as parking and public restrooms for riders.
Officials estimate the station will open in three to five years.

GRTC, in coordination with the county, will hold a public meeting Oct. 1 at 5 p.m. at
Libbie Mill Library to share plans for the station. We hope to see you there!

Learn more about GRTC Pulse

                               

                               

                             Public Utilities employee
                             makes special connection
                             along his route
                                Almost two decades in the making, Cobbs
                                Creek Reservoir is in the final stages of
                                testing!

                                This $280 million project, located in
                                Cumberland County, will secure the drinking
                                water needs of Henrico's residents for
                                decades. During heavy rain and other wet
                                times of year, the pumps will pull water from
                                the James River into the reservoir, providing
                                Henrico with up to an additional 47 million
                                gallons per day than what it currently uses.
                                When the river is at lower levels due to drought
                                or dry weather, the reservoir will release the
                                water back into the river to help maintain river
                                levels for aquatic life and supply the drinking
                                water for Henrico and other localities.

                                        Later this year once testing is complete, Public
Utilities will place the reservoir into operation. Stay tuned for more
information!

Learn more                      

  Report a         Helpful Links
   Pothole
                                

                    Traffic     Pay Utility   Public     2023 Water
                   Calming          Bill     Disposal       Quality
                   Program                                  Report
                                              Areas

Free Mulch       Refuse         GRTC Bus        Free      Recycling
                Collection        Routes     Reflective  Information

                                               Vests

                                

                   Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities               Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                             Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                  PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                         Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                               Phone
(804) 501-4275                                           (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                      Email
utilities@henrico.gov                    DPW@henrico.gov

                            

                       Share This Email

             Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!
                                            

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
