                                                   

Henrico County
Varina District

See below for a list of projects coming from
Henrico County's departments of Public Works
and Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and finish dates are
subject to change.

JUNE 2024

                                              Follow us on social media!

                                                   

    New Construction This Month

                                                   
   Full Depth Reclamation Road Widening - Over 10 roads planned
Follow us on social media for up-to-date information on specific roads.



Currently in Construction



Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades          Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed by end of
2024
                                                
Four Mile Creek Virginia Capital Trail Improvements
Construction Completed! View the ribbon-cutting ceremony below.

                                                
Whiteside Road & Taylor Park Intersection Improvements
Construction scheduled to be completed this summer

                                                
Hanover Road & Graves Road Sewer Extension
Construction scheduled to be completed in spring 2025

                 

         Works & Utilities News

                                                   

                                   Works, Utilities hiring for
                                   multiple positions

                                                 Public Works and Public Utilities are
                                                 both hiring for multiple positions.
                                                 Engineers, heavy equipment specialists
                                                 and others are invited to apply! Visit the
                                                 Henrico Jobs website to search for open
                                                 positions.

Experience not necessary for some positions.

                                                   

                                                   

PlanRVA seeking input on
reducing greenhouse
emission

Henrico County is working with regional
partners on a plan to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions. In this effort, PlanRVA is
seeking public input on ways to make our
community climate resilient.

Take the Survey

                 

                 

                 New GRTC Microtransit
                 coming to Sandston

                 Beginning July 1, Sandston will have a
                 new GRTC LINK Microtransit zone!
                 Those in the area can use the GRTC
                 app to call a van, which will arrive
                 within 20 minutes. LINK will take you

                 anywhere within the zone -- including
                                                   GRTC bus stops to go anywhere on
                                                   the GRTC lines.
                                                   Watch for more information coming
                                                   from Public Works and GRTC on
                                                   this exciting announcement.
                                                   Follow us on Facebook for updates!

                                                   
                                                   

    Cobbs Creek Reservoir preparing to fill -- and
                           saving turtles!

   Construction crews at Cobbs Creek Reservoir, a 20-year Henrico County
project located in Cumberland County, are preparing the pipes to be filled this
summer. What they didn't expect to find were turtles in the pipes! Watch how
DPU crews reacted to finding new friends 160 feet underground. Stay tuned

                     for more Cobbs Creek news this summer!
                                                   

                                                   

Schedule a free mosquito
inspection

It's nearly summer, which means the mosquitos
are out (and biting!). Contact the mosquito division
in Public Works to schedule a FREE inspection on
your property!

Learn more

                                            

                                            

            Free WOAH! vests are available

Have you picked up your free WOAH! vest yet? We've been handing them
out all over the county to promote pedestrian safety.

Vests are available by request at Henrico's government centers, libraries and
police stations. Pick up yours today!
                                

                      Helpful Links

                                

Report a            Traffic     Pay Utility   Public     2022 Water
Pothole            Calming          Bill     Disposal       Quality
                   Program                                  Report
                                              Areas

Free Mulch        Trash           VDOT-         Free      Recycling
                Collection      Maintained   Reflective  Information

                                   Roads       Vests

                                

                   Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities               Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                             Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                  PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                         Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                               Phone
(804) 501-4275                                           (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                    Email
utilities@henrico.us                                     DPW@henrico.us
                                            

                                                   Share This Email

             Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
