[REDACTED EXTRACTION]
One page has been removed from the source PDF this text was extracted from,
and therefore from this extraction. The removed page carried an employee-
spotlight story that identified a child by initials along with a medical
detail, his residency, his collection day and a quote from his parent. The
county published it with consent for its own newsletter; that consent does
not extend to redistribution here, and none of it relates to this project's
subject. Everything else in the issue is unchanged. See README.md.

Henrico County
Varina District

See below for a list of projects coming from
Henrico County's departments of Public Works
and Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and finish dates are
subject to change.

SEPTEMBER 2024

                                              Follow us on social media!

Starting Soon

Capital Trail Lighting at Rocketts Landing         Learn More
Construction scheduled to begin by the end of the  Learn More
year

Meadow Road Bridge Replacement over Boar
Swamp Creek
Construction scheduled to begin by the end of the
year
  New Construction this Month

Full Depth Reclamation Road Widening - Over 10 roads planned

Follow us on social media for information on work locations.

Currently in Construction

Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades          Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed by end of
2024

Whiteside Road & Taylor Park Road Improvements
Taylor Farm Park is completed and open! Work is ongoing on Whiteside
Road between the park's two entrances.

Hanover Road & Graves Road Sewer Extension
This project will extend sewer services to 16 residents currently on
private septic systems. Construction scheduled to be completed in the
spring. Learn more about ARPA-funded projects.
         Works & Utilities News

                                  Upcoming opportunities for
                                  public comment

                                               Make sure to add the following dates to
                                               your calendar to learn
                                               about projects in Henrico County!

                                               Oct. 1: GRTC Pulse Western Expansion
                                               Libbie Mill Library | 5 - 7 p.m.

                                               Oct. 7: Libbie Avenue Improvements
                                               Libbie Mill Library | 5:30 - 7 p.m.

                                               Oct. 9: Monument Avenue Sidewalk
                                               Rec & Parks main office | 5:30 - 7 p.m.

                                    View the Henrico County calendar

"Shred It to Protect It" event
coming in September

Public Utilities and Police will hold their fall
shredding event Saturday, Sept. 14.

The event will be from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. at
the Eastern Henrico Government Complex,
3820 Nine Mile Road. Henrico residents will
be able to shred documents and recycle
electronics.

Learn more

                             Henrico approves purchase of
                             property for Pulse extension

                                           Henrico is preparing for a westward expansion of
                                           the GRTC Pulse bus rapid transit service along
practice mosquito control

The Public Works Environmental Services
Division's mosquito team monitors and tests
mosquitos each summer looking for disease.
The team recently detected the West Nile Virus
in mosquitos in Henrico earlier than usual.

Residents are encouraged to take extra
precaution to prevent bites. Use an EPA-
approved repellent, wear loose-fitting long sleeves and pants, and reduce
time outdoors at dusk.

Henrico residents can schedule a free inspection with the mosquito team to
locate potential mosquito breeding sites on their property. The U.S. Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention also has guidance on preventing bites.

Learn more about the mosquito control initiative
                                                   

                                                   

                             Public Utilities continues
                             testing at Cobbs Creek
                             Reservoir

                                        Almost two decades in the making, Cobbs
                                        Creek Reservoir is in the final stages of
                                        testing!

                                        This $280 million project, located in
                                        Cumberland County, will secure the drinking
                                        water needs of Henrico's residents for
                                        decades. During heavy rain and other wet
                                        times of year, the pumps will pull water from
                                        the James River into the reservoir, providing
                                        Henrico County with up to an additional 47
                                        million gallons per day than what it currently
                                        uses. When the river is at lower levels due to
                                        drought or dry weather, the reservoir will
release the water back into the river to help maintain river levels for aquatic
life and supply the drinking water for Henrico and other localities.

Later this year once testing is complete, Public Utilities will place the reservoir
into operation. Stay tuned for more information!

Learn more

                                                   
                   Helpful Links

                                

Report a            Traffic     Pay Utility               Public     2023 Water
Pothole            Calming          Bill                 Disposal       Quality
                   Program                                              Report
                                                          Areas

Free Mulch        Trash         GRTC Bus                    Free      Recycling
                Collection        Routes                 Reflective  Information

                                                           Vests

                                

                   Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities                           Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                                         Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                              PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                                     Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                                           Phone
(804) 501-4275                                                       (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                                Email
utilities@henrico.gov                                              DPW@henrico.gov

                                                       

                                Share This Email

                Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
