                                                   

Henrico County
Varina District

See below for a list of projects coming from
Henrico County's Department of Public Works
and Department of Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and
finish dates are subject to change.
APRIL 2024

                                              Follow us on social media!

                                                   

    New Construction This Month

                                                   
   Full Depth Reclamation Road Widening - Over 10 roads planned


Currently in Construction



Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades              Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed in June

                                                

Four Mile Creek Virginia Capital Trail Improvements
Construction scheduled to be completed in April

                                                

Whiteside Road & Taylor Park Intersection Improvements
Construction scheduled to be completed in June

                                                
Rocketts Landing Capital Trail Lighting

                                                
Hanover Road & Graves Road Sewer Extension

                                                
Hanover Road & Early Street Sewer Extension, Phase I



Works & Utilities News
                                                   

                               DPW sets May 7 Public Meeting

                                        Public Works will host a public community
                                        meeting Tuesday, May 7 to discuss options to
                                        address erosion and drainage issues along
                                        Gaylord Road and Freestone Avenue. Join us
                                        to see the plans and ask questions!

                                                   

                                                   

Nominate a property for Land
Lover & Clean Business Awards

Nominations for the Land Lover and Clean
Business Awards are due soon for the 2024
judging! Nominate by Tuesday, April 30 to be
considered for the 2024 awards.

We encourage best management practices to
improve water quality and soil health.

Learn More
                                                   

                                                   

        Learn about FEMA Flood Map Updates

The Federal Emergency Management Agency recently updated Henrico's
flood maps to provide an updated picture of Henrico County's flood risk. The
result: a better picture of the areas that are most likely to be affected by
flooding and a better foundation from which to make key decisions. Check out
this video to learn more!
                                 

                                 

            Schedule a free Mosquito
            Inspection

            The weather is getting warmer, which means the
            mosquitos are out (and biting!). Contact the mosquito
            division in Public Works to schedule a FREE mosquito
            inspection on your property!

Learn more

                                            

                                            

            Free WOAH! vests are available

Have you picked up your free WOAH! vest yet? We've been handing them
out all over the county in hopes of improving pedestrian safety.

Vests are available by request at Henrico's government centers, area libraries
and police stations. Pick yours up today!
                                

                      Helpful Links

                                

Report a            Traffic     Pay Utility   Public     2022 Water
Pothole            Calming          Bill     Disposal       Quality
                   Program                                  Report
                                              Areas

Free Mulch        Trash           VDOT-         Free      Recycling
                Collection      Maintained   Reflective  Information

                                   Roads       Vests

                                

                   Contact Information

                                

Department of Public Utilities               Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                             Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                  PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                         Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                               Phone
(804) 501-4275                                           (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                    Email
utilities@henrico.us                                     DPW@henrico.us
                                            

                                                   Share This Email

             Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
