                                                   

Henrico County
Varina District

See below for a list of projects coming from
Henrico County's departments of Public Works
and Public Utilities. Please note that all scheduled start and finish dates are
subject to change.

AUGUST 2024

                                              Follow us on social media!

                                                   

    New Construction this Month

                                                   
   Full Depth Reclamation Road Widening - Over 10 roads planned
Follow us on social media for information on work locations.



Currently in Construction



Traffic Signal Improvements and Upgrades          Learn More
Construction scheduled to be completed by end of
2024



Whiteside Road & Taylor Park Road Improvements
Taylor Farm Park is completed and open! Work is ongoing on Whiteside
Road between the park's two entrances.

                                                
Hanover Road & Graves Road Sewer Extension
   This project will extend sewer services to 16 residents currently on
   private septic systems. Construction scheduled to be completed in the
   spring.

                                                   

         Works & Utilities News

                                                   

   How Henrico prepared for Tropical Storm Debby

   Crews worked hard to prepare county facilities and resources for Tropical
                                          Storm Debby.

  Public Works visited flood-prone areas to clear drainage ditches and place
 signs to prepare for possible road closures. Public Utilities checked backup

    pumps and generators in case they were needed to maintain water and
                                          sewer service.
                                            Read more
                                                   
                                                   

Public use areas are open
daily to receive yard waste

Did you know that you can drop off any
residential yard debris or waste for free at
one of the county's two public use areas?
These disposal areas, located on Charles
City and Springfield roads, are open from
7:30 a.m. to 7 p.m. every day, excluding
major holidays.
Your yard waste will be processed into
mulch, so it's important that anything
dropped off does not include garbage,
plastic or other materials. The mulch is
free to all residents for pickup from the
disposal areas.
Learn more

                                                   
                                                   

Residents encouraged to practice mosquito control

The Public Works Environmental Services Division's mosquito team monitors
   and tests mosquitos each summer looking for disease. The team recently
    detected the West Nile Virus in mosquitos in Henrico earlier than usual.
 Residents are encouraged to take extra precaution to prevent bites. Use an
    EPA-approved repellent, wear loose-fitting long sleeves and pants, and
                                reduce time outdoors at dusk.
 Henrico residents can schedule a free inspection with the mosquito team to

 locate potential mosquito breeding sites on their property. The U.S. Centers
  for Disease Control and Prevention also has guidance on preventing bites.

                    Learn more about the mosquito control initiative

                                                   
                                                   
                                  Numbers residents may
                                  need for services

                                               Water/Sewer/Trash: 804-501-4275
                                               (Public Utilities)
                                               Roads: 804-501-4393 (Public Works)
                                               Recycling: 804-340-0900 (Central Virginia
                                               Waste Management Authority)
                                               Power: 866-366-4357 (Dominion Energy)
                                               Gas: 804-646-4646 (Richmond Gas
                                               Works)
                                               Non-Emergency Reports: 804-501-5000
                                               (Henrico County Police Division)

                                               As always, call 911 in case of emergency.

You can always call Public Works or Public Utilities to report maintenance
needs such as potholes, downed trees, flooding, exposed pipes and more.
Follow us on social media to keep up with us and keep in touch!

                                    Download a PDF here

                                                   

                                                   

  Volunteers needed for project to promote clean
                            waterways

  Henrico's Environmental Action Resource Team (H.E.A.R.T.) is partnering
         with the James River Association and the Henrico Public Works

  Environmental Services Division to "Paint Out Pollution." Volunteers will be
painting stenciled wildlife artwork on storm drains at various county locations

                    to promote clean waterways in the community.

  H.E.A.R.T. has set a goal of stenciling five locations in three days. Please
                           lend a hand (or maybe a spray can!)

                                              Sign Up
                                                Here

                                                   

                                                   

                             Public Utilities continues
                             testing at Cobbs Creek
                             Reservoir

                                        Almost two decades in the making, Cobbs
                                        Creek Reservoir is in the final stages of
                                testing!

                                This $280 million project, located in
                                Cumberland County, will secure the drinking
                                water needs of Henrico's residents for
                                decades. During heavy rain and other wet
                                times of year, the pumps will pull water from
                                the James River into the reservoir, providing
                                Henrico County with up to an additional 47
                                million gallons per day than what it currently
                                uses. When the river is at lower levels due to
                                drought or dry weather, the reservoir will
                                release the water back into the river to help
                                maintain river levels for aquatic life and supply
                                the drinking water for Henrico and other
                                localities.

                                Later this year once testing is complete, Public
                                Utilities will place the reservoir into operation.
                                Stay tuned for more information!

Learn more                                

  Report a            Helpful Links
   Pothole
                                          

                    Traffic     Pay Utility   Public     2023 Water
                   Calming          Bill     Disposal       Quality
                   Program                                  Report
                                              Areas

Free Mulch        Trash         GRTC Bus        Free      Recycling
                Collection        Routes     Reflective  Information

                                               Vests

                                          

                   Contact Information

                                          

Department of Public Utilities               Department of Public Works

Mailing Address                                             Mailing Address
PO Box 90775                                                  PO Box 90775
Henrico, VA 23273
                                                         Henrico, VA 23273

Phone                                                               Phone
(804) 501-4275                                           (804) 501-4393

Email                                                                    Email
utilities@henrico.us                                     DPW@henrico.us
                                            

                                                   Share This Email

             Subscribe to Word on the Street in any district!

Henrico County Public Relations | 4301 E. Parham Rd. | Henrico, VA 23228 US
             Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice
